Week1

1. Confirmed team members, name, scrum mater, each members’ knowledge, project to work on, basic structure of the product, roles of each members.
2. Created Jira for development using Agile methodologies, Discord server for collaboration & communication, team meeting.
3. Started research for the project, decided languages/libraries/framework to use.
4. Plan to share foundings from individual research during week2 tutorial.

Week2

1. Plan to share foundings from individual research during week2 tutorial - Finished
2. Found issue with the use of APIs that client asked to use, should be discussed with client.
3. Confirmed replacement meeting schedule for week4 public holiday.
4. Set up plan for meeting with client, found other group working on the same project, planned joint meeting of two groups and the client on week3 Mon.
5. Confirmed objectives/functionalities, details to be included in the proposal report
6. Divided tasks for proposal report across team members, set up draft deadline for week2 Sun.

Week3 

1. Found issue with the use of APIs that client asked to use, should be discussed with client. - Solved issue as we have been provided access to Twitter & LIWC API by client.
2. Set up plan for meeting with client, found other group working on the same project, planned joint meeting of two groups and the client on week3 Mon. - Completed joint meeting, confirmed brief plan for project, discussed suggestions for new idea.
3. Planned next meeting with client at 1000-1100 10/03 Tue Week4 2024.
4. Planned next meeting with tutor at 1530-1600 10/06 Fri Week4 2024.
5. Client provided useful articles and existing models, plan to complete a literature review by the end of sprint 1.
6. Completed proposal report and plan to review with client during next meeting.
7. Found minor issue with LIWC as it only supports CLI access but not API, will be discussed with client during the meeting.

Week4

1. Planned next meeting with client at 1000-1100 10/03 Tue Week4 2024. - Completed meeting, received datasets for training, confirmed not to use Academic reserach pack on Twitter as Twitter does not support it anymore. 
2. Planned next meeting with tutor at 1530-1600 10/06 Fri Week4 2024. - Completed meeting, updated progress, discussed about demo requirements, asked review for model structure.
3. Client provided useful articles and existing models, plan to complete a literature review by the end of sprint 1. - Completed review of related articles, existing works.
4. Found minor issue with LIWC as it only supports CLI access but not API, will be discussed with client during the meeting. - Notified to client, will be discussed among members.
5. Planned to complete model structure by 10/13 Fri Week5 as client requested. - Had meeting with members at 1200-1300 10/06 Fri Week4 2024 to confirm model structure.
6. Completed simple data pipeline containing LIAR dataset preprocessing, LIWC CLI connection, Google fact check tools API connection.
7. Planned to build skeleton frontend, literature review report and simple model structure for progressive demo A.

Week5

1. Confirmed & Reviewed model structure with client & tutor. - Planned to do more research about language model use.
2. Found issue with LLAMA2 language model, it worked as we expected but resource-heavy, requested GPT4 API access to client
3. Planned next meeting for week7 Tue but to skip week6 during flex week.
4. Completed simple data pipeline containing LIAR dataset preprocessing, LIWC CLI connection, Google fact check tools API connection. - Completed data pipeline stage, started testing multiple machine learning structures to find best performance.
5. Planned to build skeleton frontend, literature review report and simple model structure for progressive demo A. - Completed literature review report, completed progressive demo A, have made skeleton frontend by Armani.

Week6

1. Found issue with LLAMA2 language model, it worked as we expected but resource-heavy, requested GPT4 API access to client - Found free language model chatbot API, going to try with this model and see if that works (as this has limitation of 1000 requests).
2. Planned to do more research about language model use. - Checked that the model works as we expected.
3. Completed data pipeline stage, started testing multiple machine learning structures to find best performance. - Found acceptable model with Support vector machine.

Week7

1. Found issue with LLAMA2 language model, it worked as we expected but resource-heavy, requested GPT4 API access to client - Found free language model chatbot API, going to try with this model and see if that works (as this has limitation of 1000 requests). - Going to have GPT4 access on 10/30 Mon.
2. Could not have meeting with client due to her personal circumstance. Updated our progress to the client via email and short follow-up meeting on Teams. Explained issues that we are struggling with, language model access & low performance.
3. Planned to do short literature review for the papers provided by client.
4. Asked help to Dr. Jinho for feedback of our system.

Week8

1. Going to have GPT4 access on 10/30 Mon. - Gained access to GPT4 API by client.
2. Completed code for backend and frontend, ready for connection.
3. Could not have meeting with client due to her personal circumstance. 
4. Planned to do short literature review for the papers provided by client. - Tried new approaches, models, and trainings. Achieved slightly better result (from 60% to 63~64%).
