Week 1
During our tutorial this week I found my group members Armani, Danny, Dylan, and Hayley and formed the team Quantum Quokkas with Hayley being our Scrum Master. 
We promptly decided on our group project: Twitter Fake News Detection and discussed how we would approach this project and what language and model we would use. 
We set up Jira and also a discord server where we can communicate efficiently.

Week 2
This week we realised there was an issue with the Twitter API outlined in the project specs. 
After consulting with another group doing the same project, we emailed our client to arrange a meeting to discuss this issue and get clarification on the project requirements. 
Aside from this, we delegated work between the team to work on the proposal report, preparing to have a draft ready by next week's meeting. 

Week 3
After meeting with the client alongside the other group, we have been granted access to Twitter and LIWC and the meeting with the client will be repeated on a weekly basis for project updates and discussion. 
We have since found another issue being that LIWC supports CLI and not API, which will be discussed with the client next week. 
Our team revised and finalised our proposal report, and was finally submitted. 
Our next tutorial meeting would be on a public holiday and hence rearranged to an online meeting week 4 Friday.

Week 4
After our meeting with the client, we were able to obtain datasets to train our model with, and also determined we will not be using our academic research pack on Twitter as thats no longer within their policies.
This week our team mainly focused on completing sprint one and preparing for our demo.
We finalised the model we will be using, began making a simple frontend design, and wrote a literature review based on the recommended articles provided by the client.
To test our model, we also ran some simple data pipelines containing LIAR dataset preprocessing, LIWC CLI connection, Google fact check tools API connection.
We will have another meeting with the client next week to update her on our progress.

Week 5
Our demo went well and our team also completed Retrospective A during our tutorial lesson on Monday.
We implemented new objectives to help with teamwork the following day and also had an online meeting on Friday.
We discussed the language model we would use and issues with running LLAMA2 and will ask the client about using GPT4 instead.
As next week is flexi week, our next meeting with the client will be in Week 7 instead.
Our goal for next week would be for me and Danny to complete the frontend by our in-person tutorial on Monday Week 7.

Week 6
We had no client meeting this week, as it is flexibility week, and I just focused on creating and editing the frontend pages. 
I created the results loading page using html and added the progress bar using some javascript code.
I also made changes to the style sheet and the index page so that it links to the loading page when clicking on the generate results button.
Danny had also made the about us page and I plan to have that page available on the index page via a button click, which I can do next week before the Progressive Demo B.
Next week we will try to link the backend to the coded frontend.
