COMP3900 Journal

Week 1
Formed a group with Dylan Armani Hayley and Rowena during tutorial. We went through all the projects available and voted on the ones we prefer. 
Project 7 happens to be the one everyone is interested in, therefore we finalised our project selection right away. We also discussed about further details such as the structure of the project.
Everyone joined Jira and Discord group chat for communication

Week 2
During our tutorial, we realised an issue regarding Twitter API, it is essential for the project asa it allows us to retrieve data from Twitter server and build applications with it.
We raised the issue to the client with another group doing the same project and arranged a meeting with our client. We also distributed work among the group and started to work on our project proposal.

Week 3
I completed the System Architecture Diagram section and uploaded my contribution to the group doc. The client provided us access to Twitter API and arranged weekly meeting for project updates and discussion.
During the week, we realised that LIWC doest not support API. We will discuss this problem with our client during next week's meeting. We finalised our report during the weekend and submitted.

Week 4
During meeting, the client gave us some datasets to use which we ran on our model. We also agreed to no longer to academic research on Twitter.
For the Progressive Demo A, we wrote a literature review as we mostly did research, our current model, and a simple frontend design.
We checked off the corresponding user stories for sprint 1.

Week 5
We went through our demo 1 with the tutor smoothly without issue and completed the Retrospective A right after.
New goals have been assigned to each member of the group and meeting was arranged on Friday.
Frontend are expected to be roughly done before Week7 tut.

Week 6
Since I had no experience with frontend before this project, I continued my online research from Week 5 and learnt fundimental skills required for html css frontend programing.
Rowena and I built the first version of the about me and loading page. Other member's advices are taken and improved the design. More details will be discussed during Week 7 tut.

Week 7
Rowena and I improved the website design by implementing the loading bar as an overlay instead of an extra page, also added top navigation bar.

Week 8
We got granted access to ChatGPT 4 by the client. We tried to set up python code to mimick backend output and the server. However we were not able to pass the user input across
different webpage therefore our result page current cannot display any result.

Week 9
This week our team mainly focused on the presentation and completing our program.
We finalised backend with the model showing 65% score, and the system 74% score. Regarding the result not showing issue, we decide to not direct between multiple pages but merge all the elements on one page.
I made a result section which is connected to backend server and used javacript functions to make it only appears on the page once the result is generated.

Week 10
This week we all focused on completing the final report to be submited before due date. 
